feat: Improvements (#27)
jamespegg/prismic-nuxt: docs/components.md

---
id: components
title: Components
sidebar_label: Components
---

`prismic-nuxt` ships with built-in components to get you started quickly.

## &lt;prismic-link&gt;

> This component will depending of your prismic link use `<nuxt-link>` or `<a>`.

Reviewer: Just a small tweak :)

```suggestion
This component will, depending on your prismic link, use `<nuxt-link>` or `<a>`.
```

Props:
- `field`: `Object`

```html
<prismic-link :field="item.link_to_product">My link</prismic-link>
```

## &lt;prismic-image&gt;

> This component will render an `<img>`, also completing `alt` and `copyright` attributes if provided from Prismic API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component will render an `<img>`, also completing `alt` and `copyright` attributes if provided by the Prismic API.
```
